# JMeter-JTL-AutoFilter
The JMeter-JTL-AutoFilter project is designed to streamline the analysis of performance testing results generated by Apache JMeter. With this tool, users can effortlessly process JTL (JMeter Test Log) files and generate comprehensive reports in various formats such as Excel, TXT, and PowerPoint presentations.

# Key Features
> Single-Click Data Processing: Users can generate insightful reports with just one click, eliminating the need for manual tracking of transactions and calculations.

> Performance Metrics Calculation: The tool automatically computes key performance metrics including:

1. Average Response Time
2. Minimum and Maximum Response Times
3. Percentiles (90th, 95th, and 99th)
4. Error Rate
5. Throughput
6. Samplers Count
7. Sent and Received Data
8. Filter Thread Group wise
9. Filter Transaction wise
10. Filter Succuss Rates

> Multi-Format Output: Reports are generated in multiple formats (Excel, TXT, PPT), making it easy to share and visualize results.

> User-Friendly Interface: The Python script is designed for simplicity, allowing both technical and non-technical users to access and utilize performance testing insights efficiently.

# Installation

To get started with JMeter-JTL-AutoFilter, clone the repository and install the necessary dependencies:
> git clone https://github.com/yourusername/JMeter-JTL-AutoFilter.git
> cd JMeter-JTL-AutoFilter
> pip install -r requirements.txt

# Usage
Run Your JMeter Test: Execute your performance test in JMeter and generate a JTL file.
Run the AutoFilter Script: Execute the Python script to process the JTL file and generate reports.
Access Reports: View your generated reports in Excel, TXT, or PowerPoint format.

# Contributing ❤️
We welcome contributions to enhance the functionality and usability of the JMeter-JTL-AutoFilter project. Feel free to open issues, suggest features, or submit pull requests.
